Updating external TLS termination required settings (#1816)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/installation-references/helm-chart-options.md

> ### Configuring Ingress for External TLS when Using NGINX v0.25

Author: I made all the updates, except for the docs containing Chinese. You'll have to get someone to translate those.

> In NGINX v0.25, the behavior of NGINX has [changed](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/master/Changelog.md#0220) regarding forwarding headers and external TLS termination. Therefore, in the scenario that you are using external TLS termination configuration with NGINX v0.25, you must enable the `use-forwarded-headers` option for ingress:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NGINX v0.25, the behavior of NGINX has [changed](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/main/Changelog.md?plain=1#L2702) regarding forwarding headers and external TLS termination. Therefore, in the scenario that you are using external TLS termination configuration with NGINX v0.25, you must enable the `use-forwarded-headers` option for ingress:
```

Looks like the changelog is too big to load but we want to refer to v0.22.0, I assume?

Reviewer 2: I think there's a good change we can assume v0.25 was a typo. The original link (`Changelog.md#0220`) is formatted for GitHub's preview mode so it would jump to the section header with ID 0220, which ties into Petr's reference to v0.22.0 above. 

In the `Breaking changes` section under v0.22.0 section, there's this [line](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/e4b964bc970d5d16b7a1bce897a98c623fe4b3cd/Changelog.md?plain=1#L2727C2-L2727C153):

>  By default do not trust any client to extract true client IP address from X-Forwarded-For header using realip module (`use-forwarded-headers: "false"`

And this [corresponding PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/pull/3333), where the default is change from `true` to `false`.

@pmkovar could you please update your suggestion because of what @johnwc mentioned above about line references not being stable when linking to branches. The example I linked to could be a suitable option.
